Detailed alt-text for images in lesson (#844)
swcarpentry/python-novice-inflammation: _episodes/04-loop.md

In the last episode, we wrote Python code that plots values of interest from our first
inflammation dataset (`inflammation-01.csv`), which revealed some suspicious features in it.

> ![Three panels showing different properties of the data in inflammation-01.csv, as uncovered in the last lesson. First panel is the mean of the data over time, second panel is the maximum of the data over time, and the third panel is the minimum of the data over time.](../fig/03-loop_2_0.png)

Reviewer: I like how you have pretty succinctly covered with text what is a lot of information shown. I think using "plot" instead of "panel" would be more specific. I don't think we need to mention the "uncovered in the last lesson" part because it is  mentioned in the text above the image. I wonder if we should describe the data briefly, since the text only vaguely mentions "suspicious features". What do you think about:
```suggestion
![Three plots of the inflammation-01.csv data. The first plot, a jagged rise and fall, is the mean inflammation across all patients for each day, the second plot, a smooth and even rise then fall, is the maximum inflammation each day, and the third plot, seeming to show a step function, is the minimum inflammation each day.](../fig/03-loop_2_0.png)
```
